After completing the assignment, please answer the questions in this text file and submit it to I-Learn.

1. Describe something from your database that you think came together very nicely.
The actual logic of the schema was easy enough to figure out; having a many-to-many database and
the data that goes inside of them is simple to come up with and even write out (if you know the syntax.)

2. Describe something from your database that you think could be improved or extended in the future.
I think my database itself is lacking in terms of actual content. I'm wrestling with the idea of adding
a few more features to my project as it might be too ambitious; When planning the project I don't think
database-heavy work would have been apparent.

3. Briefly describe the "coolest" thing you learned while completing this assignment.
relational databases are really easy to write up and the actual implementation of them are a lot simpler
than I expected.

4. Briefly describe two principles of good database design.
a good database design as we're learning currently in CIT225 is ACID
A- Atomic. It means that we no matter how complex the interactions are between different
relationships in the database, it should be a 'all or nothing' approach where if a certain part of a
transaction failed, the entire transaction must fail so as to not ruin the data.
C- Consistent. All data written to and retrieved from the database must be valid according to all constraints
and won't be affected by any unintended changes.
I- Isolated. If I can remember correctly it basically means that transactions (selects, inserts, etc etc) no matter
how many are requested at once, will all happen one at a time and won't get the expected results wrong. So if two
users query the database at the same time it should perform both one after the other and neither user should know anything about a transaction someone else did.
D- Durable. The data stored and altered in a database must be permanent. This includes keeping data safe from thigns like power outages and crashes.

5. Please select the category you feel best describes your assignment:
A - Some attempt was made
B - Developing, but significantly deficient
C - Slightly deficient, but still mostly adequate
D - Meets requirements
E - Shows creativity and excels above and beyond requirements

D - Meets requirements

6. Provide a brief justification (1-2 sentences) for selecting that category.

I did what the assignment asked but I didn't really go above and beyond. I also did create the tables in my Heroku command line and inserted a few things but that's about it. i still have lots of questions for Brother Burton.